                            Instructions on My Recipe Box

1. Be sure to add the Name of the recipe to top of recipe so when you 
    print it out it,  you know what recipe it is. See included recipes for
    an example.
2. Press Add button to cut and paste or to type in recipes. Don't
    forget to name the recipe in the Control Panel before saving it.
3. Recipes can be editied using the Edit button, but the Recipe Name 
    in the list cannot be changed unless you delete the whole recipe 
    and re-enter it.
4. To delete a recipe just click on the recipe in the list and press Delete.
5. If you would like to make just a copy of a recipe and not save it,
    then press Add button, cut and paste or type it in. Then press the
    Preview button. On preview screen press Print and you have your
    copy. Remember if you don't save it, its gone.
6. I've tried to make this as simple and straight forward as possible. I
    hope you enjoy using this program and it suits your needs.
7. Once you are comfortable with how the program works, this record
    can be deleted if you so choose.
8. To print a copy of the Cooking Measurements, double-click on the   
    Meaurements  window to move a copy into the main window. Then 
    use the Print button to make a copy. ( 2 pages )

                               About the WebBrowser
First , let me say that this is a very simple browser, no bells or whistles.
To use it , press the WebBrows button, then in the "Make a Selection"
are four choices. Click on the one you want and it will go to that site
or you can type in a URL address in the blank window and press the "Go"
button.
Find the recipe you want on that site, then simply cut and paste the recipe.
To add it to "My Recipe Box" , press "Add" button and paste it into 
the Recipe window. But sure to add the name of the recipe to the top of this 
Recipe window and in the Recipe Name window before pressing the Save
button.
When you close the WebBrowser, you will still be connected to the internet,
so be sure to disconnect from it.



